They work great in HE machines. They dissolve in all temperatures and wash away cleanly. They don't create the residue and smelly build-up that we get with other (even HE spec) detergents.
No measuring, no drips, no muss, no fuss and it cleans with a nice scent! Buy it you will like it
They're a little more than my regular detergent but they did such a great job for a little pack! Made my 2 yr olds clothes look like new and got some light stains out. Worth the extra money.
Very convenient and seems to clean well but way too much scent for me. I join those who would like an unscented option.
Packets DO NOT DISSOLVE in hot OR cold water (BUT I really want them to work so I will keep trying)
This detergent doesn't seem to get anything any cleaner than normal the manufacturer, but it is lovely for apartment life. I can just take a little unitdose down to the laundry instead of lugging a heavy bottle. I also think I always used too much liquid detergent, so this actually saves me money. I wish it was available in original or unscented, though.
I bought these off amazon months ago before they were offered at my local store because they were made by the manufacturer thinking the unitdose idea was good, less laundry detergent. Yes for the most part they do a good job cleaning but I've had two problems with them. The first is I own a front loading washer and half the time the new product get stuck in the front gasket, I'll use two the  product instead of one in fear of this. The second is the new product will get clumped up in my clothing not fully dissolving. Its happened a few times and normally will wash out but already has ruined a shirt. If they were to design the unitdose to dissolve quicker and/or better in the water it would solve both of these problems.
I really like this product and plan to use it every chance I get. The service was great as usual. Product X are great and I plan to tell all my friends about the Product X and the service from Amazon.
You know how you always read that one negative review about an item and it makes you skeptical about buying it? Well this is not one of them! I absolutely loved these. I was skeptical at first about purchasing them, but I'm one of those types that will throw away the measuring cup on laundry detergent. So this was perfect for me! They are already perfectly proportioned. I even brought over a couple packs of them to my folks house for them to try out! I'll for sure be buying them again. Oh and the smell is pretty great too. Not too strong, not too weak.
Bought these the  product when Amazon lowered price by six dollars.I have had no problem with them dissolving in hot or cold water as other reviewers have stated.I have a top loading machine and my clothes are clean and smell great.Consumer Reports rated the manufacturer as the best detergent in their tests and that is good enough for me.I will no longer be lugging jugs of liquid detergent and filling up my recycle pail every week with these containers.
I bought this for my daughter who is in college. It's so convenient and works just a great as the liquid I normally order for her. No more carrying the big gallon of detergent back and forth to her dorm, just a few the  product into her hamper pouch and she's good to go.
We bought these the  product because they seemed like a cool product idea. After using them for a while, we love them! So much easier than measuring out liquid and pouring into the washing machine. No more mess!! Simply toss one in with the clothes and done! They are somewhat delicate, though... my daughter grabbed one and squeezed it... what a mess to clean up!
